Add first part of TreeDataGrid docs (#1145)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/treedatagrid/scrolling.md

---
title: Scrolling
page_title: .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid Documentation - Scrolling
description: "Try now the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid programmatic scrolling with the ScrollItemIntoView method."
position: 8
slug: treedatagrid-scrolling
tags: programmatic, scrolling
---

# .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid Scrolling

The [Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TreeDataGrid]({%slug treedatagrid-overview%}) has an internal scrolling mechanism achieved by the supported vertical and horizontal scrollbars for scrolling through its data.

>important Avoid nesting the TreeDataGrid in a `ScrollView` and other controls that provide scrolling.

> For implementing programmatic scrolling to a specific item, use the `ScrollItemIntoView(object item)` method, which brings the specified data item into view. Note that `ScrollItemIntoView` works in scenarios where the TreeDataGrid Rows are with the same height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the implementation of programmatic scrolling to a specific item, use the `ScrollItemIntoView(object item)` method, which brings the specified data item into view. Note that `ScrollItemIntoView` works in scenarios where the TreeDataGrid Rows are with the same height.
```
